girly-girl I started with with pet
therapy in 1996 when somebody gave me a
puppy that at that point having two dogs
needed to have a little more training
and the lady that was instructor at
Short dog training club suggested that
we put Sam into the therapy dog program
and that's how it started and my whole
life has been different and much more
wonderful I start the minute I get them
as a puppy they mate and have their
shots they make all kinds of visits to
places that have different sounds and
smells you have to have basic obedience
and of course a lot of temperament
evaluation and once they've gotten the
commands to a reliable state and they
have doggies a year of age or older then
we can stand for the TDI test and pass
that test and get you a little license
and you're ready to go heck darn it I
pick on this leg can she visit with you
when we come to visit the children we
just want to bring a little bit of the
normal outside world into a child's room
the parents are nervous the month that
the children are nervous the grandmom's
anybody that's associated with a child a
little knock on the door and a little
furry friend coming in kind of eases
everybody's tension and it works for the
staff as well and we we love to see the
smiles they're wonderful with the
children but most of all they're
wonderful with my staff they really
really help this staff
they're having a bad day they see Wendy
come up with one of her little outfits
on they just make everyone smile and
just that smile can just rejuvenate you
for hours
it truly is my pleasure and I do get
maybe even more than we give it's such a
good feeling to to know that we have
taken a little bit of happiness to them
for children that are so nauseous and so
sometimes it's in so much pain
just having that soft cuddly shell teeth
to snuggle up with just makes everything
all better even for just that hour and
actually I just drive Miss Daisy but but
my heart gets bigger every time I take
her somewhere all done we're go this way
won't go home
you